%% Zoottelkeeper: Beginning of the autogenerated index file list  %%
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/01 - I Long to Touch your Tresses - En-Fa|01 - I Long to Touch your Tresses - En-Fa]]
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/02 - Rejoice, rejoice! I am the one who's chosen by my love! - En-Fa|02 - Rejoice, rejoice! I am the one who's chosen by my love! - En-Fa]]
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/03 - My heart is wearied by the cruel thorns and roses' scorn - En-Fa|03 - My heart is wearied by the cruel thorns and roses' scorn - En-Fa]]
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/04 - Do you believe divine grace in you does not dwell - it does - En-Fa|04 - Do you believe divine grace in you does not dwell - it does - En-Fa]]
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/05 - So heavy lies my heart my friend - with tears I want to flow - En-Fa|05 - So heavy lies my heart my friend - with tears I want to flow - En-Fa]]
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/06 - My dear I'll never let my heart and your love be apart - En-Fa|06 - My dear I'll never let my heart and your love be apart - En-Fa]]
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/07 - O' kinder than when on the leaf, the gentle rain's kiss plays - En-Fa|07 - O' kinder than when on the leaf, the gentle rain's kiss plays - En-Fa]]
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/08 - May your beauty and grace forever abound - En-Fa|08 - May your beauty and grace forever abound - En-Fa]]
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/09 - I fear that your love might drive me insane - En-Fa|09 - I fear that your love might drive me insane - En-Fa]]
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/10 - Heavenward my soul's smoke swirls and twirls -  En-Fa|10 - Heavenward my soul's smoke swirls and twirls -  En-Fa]]
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/11 - Roil! Boil! We are Clad in the Sea-  En-Fa|11 - Roil! Boil! We are Clad in the Sea-  En-Fa]]
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/12 - Your love has caught me in its binding chain-  En-Fa|12 - Your love has caught me in its binding chain-  En-Fa]]
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/13 - The Weathered Sculptor - En-Fa|13 - The Weathered Sculptor - En-Fa]]
- 📄 [[Side-by-side/14 - It’s Time you should Sit here  - En-Fa|14 - It’s Time you should Sit here  - En-Fa]]
%% Zoottelkeeper: End of the autogenerated index file list  %%
